| **Week** | **Date** | **Name** | **Github Issue**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | **Comment** |
|----------|----------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#107 ](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/107)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |created the Lobby controller class| 
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#108](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/108)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |created the Lobby service class|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#109](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/109)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |created the Lobby GET and POST DTOs|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#112](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/112)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |created the Member class|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#106](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/106)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |created the Lobby class and skeleton of all functions and all getters and setters|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#75](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/75)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created the EventDetails class|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#147](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/147)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |created the Lobby Repository class|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#148](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/148)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |added methods to LobbyRepository|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#141](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/141)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |added methods to DTOMapper for lobby|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Suleman  | [#151](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/151)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |added methods to DTOMapperImpl.java for lobby|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Omar     | [#27](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/27), [#29](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/29),[#11](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/11), [#14](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/14), [#16](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/16), [#7](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/7), [#6](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/6), [#4](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/4) |integrated Mapbox api in home screen and events page, created table for events page, created table for lobby that allows user to pick up a sport (dropbdown, multiple selection) and allows user to lock his choice. In lobby created table on the left side of the lobby screen with the members and their choices |
|      1   |27/04/2023| Yannic   | [#42](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/42) [#43](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/43) [#44](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/44)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |created header with two different types of navigation bars. One for the logged in and one for the logged out user which links to the different pages.|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Yannic   | [#22](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/22)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created choose region/ createLobby page|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Yannic   | [#23](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/23)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created Find Lobby and Show all events button on the page home|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Patrick  | [#76](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/76)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created class Event with DTO's and Mapping, class Participant with ParticipantRepository|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Patrick  | [#77](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/77)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created class EventController|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Patrick  | [#78](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/78)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created class EventService|
|      1   |27/04/2023| Patrick  | [#79](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/79)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created class EventRepository|
|      1   |02/04/2023| Raffael  | [#2](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |defined routing and guards|
|      1   |02/04/2023| Raffael  | [#3](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/3)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |updated User model|
|      1   |02/04/2023| Raffael  | [#21](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/21)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | created Lobbies page|
|      2   |03/05/2023| Suleman  | [#152](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/152)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |implement LobbyController GET request|
|      2   |03/05/2023| Suleman  | [#153](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/153)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |implement LobbyController POST request|
|      2   |03/05/2023| Suleman  | [#154](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/154)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |implement LobbyService GET request|
|      2   |03/05/2023| Suleman  | [#154](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/154)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |implement LobbyService POST request|
|      2   |03/05/2023| Suleman  | [#156](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/156)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |fixed issue with back end|
|      2   |03/05/2023| Suleman  | [#157](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/157)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |fixed issue with requests in back end|
|      2   |03/05/2023| Suleman  | [#158](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/158)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |fixed issue in UserController regarding path names in back end|
|      2   |03/05/2023| Yannic   | [#15](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/15)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |added countdown timer to lobby overview and to all lobbies (lobby page)|
|      2   |03/05/2023| Yannic   | [#18](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/18)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |worked on lobby screen until bug "BREAKING CHANGE: webpack < 5 used to include polyfills for node.js core modules by default." Afterward tried to fix bug for 3h hours but breaking git and I|
|      2   |03/04/2023| Omar     | [#19](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/19)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | created table with the lobbies and respective information|
|      2   |03/04/2023| Omar     | [#18](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/18)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created Current Open Lobbies page|                         
|      2   |03/04/2023| Omar     | [#12](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/12)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created Time Range Filed for selection of Time|     
|      2   |03/04/2023| Omar     | [#47](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/47)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created Share Link button| 
|      2   |03/04/2023| Omar     | [#10](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/10)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created an api request for refreshing of other user preferences| 
|      2   |03/04/2023| Omar     | [#53](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/53)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created Add Join and Leave Lobby button with API calls| 
|      2   |03/04/2023| Omar     | [#54](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/54)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |made that User can only select sport and time for his own user and not for other users| 
|      2   |03/04/2023| Omar     | [#55](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/55)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |created DateAndTime component and render it in Lobby| 
|      2   |03/04/2023| Omar     | [#56](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/56)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Show markers on map in events page| 
|      2   |03/04/2023| Patrick  | [#3](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/3)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | As a logged-in user, I want to create an lobby, so other users can see and join this lobby. I create a lobby in order to schedule real life sports events with friends and/or strangers in which we agree together on a sport, location and time.| 
|      2   |03/04/2023| Patrick  | [#31](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/31)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Create methods for userController and userService.| 
|      2   |03/04/2023| Patrick  | [#42](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/42)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | update LobbyService| 
|      2   |03/04/2023| Patrick  | [#43](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-server/issues/43)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | update LobbyController|                           
|      3   |10/04/2023| Omar  | [#13](https://github.com/sopra-fs23-group-07/sopra-fs23-group-07-client/issues/13)   | allow User to put marker on the map and send API call to backend |  
